Improve and clean up use cases for Secrets (#41936)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/configuration/secret.md

- [Allow the kubelet to pull container images from private registries](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/).

The Kubernetes control plane also uses Secrets; for example,
[bootstrap token Secrets](#bootstrap-token-secrets) are a mechanism to
help automate node registration.

### Use case: dotfiles in a secret volume

You can make your data "hidden" by defining a key that begins with a dot.
This key represents a dotfile or "hidden" file. For example, when the following secret
is mounted into a volume, `secret-volume`:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: dotfile-secret
data:
  .secret-file: dmFsdWUtMg0KDQo=
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: secret-dotfiles-pod
spec:
  volumes:
  - name: secret-volume
    secret:
      secretName: dotfile-secret
  containers:
  - name: dotfile-test-container
    image: registry.k8s.io/busybox
    command:
    - ls
    - "-l"
    - "/etc/secret-volume"
    volumeMounts:
    - name: secret-volume
      readOnly: true
      mountPath: "/etc/secret-volume"
```

> The volume will contain a single file, called `.secret-file`, and

Reviewer: nit: Possibly push the description about the dotfile and volume after the YAML sample?

## Uses for Secrets

You can use Secrets for purposes such as the following:

- [Set environment variables for a container](/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/distribute-credentials-secure/#define-container-environment-variables-using-secret-data).
- [Provide credentials such as SSH keys or passwords to Pods](/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/distribute-credentials-secure/#provide-prod-test-creds).
- [Allow the kubelet to pull container images from private registries](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/).

The Kubernetes control plane also uses Secrets; for example,
[bootstrap token Secrets](#bootstrap-token-secrets) are a mechanism to
help automate node registration.

### Use case: dotfiles in a secret volume

You can make your data "hidden" by defining a key that begins with a dot.

> This key represents a dotfile or "hidden" file. For example, when the following secret

Reviewer 2: Nit: keeping Secret capitalized throughout the document

Author: Yeah I noticed but I didn't want to change anything across the doc without getting an okay. I can do it before we merge if you like, or include it in the follow up PR that does codenew short codes etc

Reviewer 2: Yup, in a follow up PR totally works for me

## Uses for Secrets

You can use Secrets for purposes such as the following:

- [Set environment variables for a container](/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/distribute-credentials-secure/#define-container-environment-variables-using-secret-data).
- [Provide credentials such as SSH keys or passwords to Pods](/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/distribute-credentials-secure/#provide-prod-test-creds).
- [Allow the kubelet to pull container images from private registries](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/).

The Kubernetes control plane also uses Secrets; for example,
[bootstrap token Secrets](#bootstrap-token-secrets) are a mechanism to
help automate node registration.

### Use case: dotfiles in a secret volume

You can make your data "hidden" by defining a key that begins with a dot.
This key represents a dotfile or "hidden" file. For example, when the following secret
is mounted into a volume, `secret-volume`:

> ```yaml

Reviewer 3: Could this use a couple of `codenew` shortcodes? (maybe something for a follow-up PR?)

These types vary in terms of the validations performed and the constraints
Kubernetes imposes on them.

| Built-in Type | Usage |
|--------------|-------|
| `Opaque`     |  arbitrary user-defined data |
| `kubernetes.io/service-account-token` | ServiceAccount token |
| `kubernetes.io/dockercfg` | serialized `~/.dockercfg` file |
| `kubernetes.io/dockerconfigjson` | serialized `~/.docker/config.json` file |
| `kubernetes.io/basic-auth` | credentials for basic authentication |
| `kubernetes.io/ssh-auth` | credentials for SSH authentication |
| `kubernetes.io/tls` | data for a TLS client or server |

> | `bootstrap.kubernetes.io/token` | bootstrap token data |

Reviewer 3: I think I prefer the original formatting here. Open to being convinced though.

Author: I reverted it, my rebase was icky

[DNS subdomain name](/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#dns-subdomain-names).

You can specify the `data` and/or the `stringData` field when creating a

> configuration file for a Secret.  The `data` and the `stringData` fields are optional.

Reviewer 3: Even better:
```suggestion
manifest for a Secret.  The `data` and the `stringData` fields are optional.
```

Author: Yes but out of scope I think for this PR, although it probably looked like it was touched because of my horrible rebase earlier. This page says "configuration file" instead of "manifest" often :(
